Question No. 1
Assignment No. 1 Perform PCA in dimension reduction of numerical data

Pre-process the data through standardization.
Perform PCA to reduce dimension.
Construct the scree plot.
Data visualization in lower dimensional representation.

Question No. 2

Assignment No. 2 :Implement Simple and Multiple Linear Regression to predict continuous variables.

Perform data preprocessing (handle missing values, feature scaling).
Fit a Simple Linear Regression model on a dataset (e.g., predicting house prices).
Extend to Multiple Linear Regression with multiple features.
Evaluate models using MSE, RMSE, and R² Score.
Visualize the regression line and predictions.

​Question No. 3

Assignment No. 3 : Write a program to implement k-Nearest Neighbour algorithm to classify the iris data set. Print both correct and wrong predictions. Python ML library classes can be used for this problem.


Question No. 4

Assignment 4. : Write a program to implement the naïve Bayesian classifier for a sample training data set stored as a .CSV file. Compute the accuracy of the classifier, considering few test data sets.


Question No. 5

Assignment No. 5 :Learn Decision trees for regression and classification problem

a. Split the data set into training and test sets.
b. Build the decision tree
c. Check model performances on training and test data sets.
d. Apply cost complexity pruning to overcome overfitting problem
e. Apply Random Forest algorithm to overcome overfitting problem.
f. Apply Ada-boost ensemble method on Decision stumps.

Question No. 6

Assignment 6: Build a Multiclass classifier using the CNN model. Use MNIST or any other suitable dataset.

a. Perform Data Pre-processing

b. Define Model and perform training

c. Evaluate Results using confusion matrix


Question No. 7

Assignment 7: Convolutional neural network (CNN) Use any dataset of plant disease and design a plant disease detection system using CNN.


Question No. 8

Assignment 8: Use MNIST Fashion Dataset and create a classifier to classify fashion clothing into categories. Using CNN


Question No. 9

Assignment 9:  Implementation of RNN model for Stock Price Prediction


Question No. 10
Assignment 10: Using LSTM for prediction of future weather of cities in Python



